2. How to combine/use face converted mana cost in MTGCard

3. Do we need to remove zone from command zone (in tagger)

4. Do we need to switch shuffle your library clause - will now read ", then shuffle your library" rather as a seperate sentence (tagger)

5. Keep replacement of "your opponent(s)" with "opponents" (tagger)?

8. Look for cards like Tolaria, ..."bands with other"... which may/will cause problems with double quoted words

11. Keep cost as a lituus action or redo as a lituus characterisitic?

12. What words/phrases are we missing for sequences?

16. Can we just standarize a regular expression to catch anamolies in function word_hacks?

24. Entity chains like Cautery Sliver

31. How to self ref "Hazezon" in Hazezon Tamar without self reffing "Dragon" in Dragon Egg (for now, am hacking it in multiverse.py

32. Have to figure where/when/how to combine type + card as in Aberrant Researcher
 "... instant or sorcery card ..."

36. See Guided Passage for 'Thing' chaining

37. Modal spells/abilities, level ups and planeswalkers see Charming Prince

40. Need to write save deck functionality

41. Have to see how Companion will be treated i.e. as one of the 100 or an extra

43. Stangg Twin in card Stangg is being tagged as <obj ref=self> twin - have to fix this

45. Is rounded (up or down) prevalent enough to tag it?

47. How to handle two consecutive objects like Trail of Crumbs "permanent card"

50. Will have to deconflict IKO keyword counters that are incorrectly tagged as 
keywords

52. How to handle cards like Transmutation "switch target creature's power and toughness"

53. Can use the possessive suffix "'s" for some meta characteristics see Sewer Nemesis

54. Sarpadian Empires, Vol. VII is a good example of 'grouping' vs 'chaining' and needs to be handled prior to 3chain

57. Ivory Guardians has object characteristic object phrase will probably see
a lot becuase the first object is a token

58. Need to define tags and tag symbols like align

59. looking at Dreams of the Dead and Cavern Harpy, do we want creature->white&black
 - in the case of Cavern Harpy, do we want 
    "blue|black&creature" which if precedence is left to right works but
    "creature->blue|black" is easier
  - brings an interesting observation in the case of Cavern Harpy, there is an
    implied object (as is there is in Terror) and creature is the target of the
    effect

61. Add rarity to card data? not present inallcards.json

63. for p/t=X/Y can we just chain this as X/Y instead of putting it in meta

66. When we get to singleton characteristics have to take into account landwalk, possibly cycling see Ayumi, the Last Visitor

69. Cloudseeder, the last 'cloud sprite' is not being tagged as an object. Is it because of the double quote?

71. Add a english i.e. ASCII field for names like Lim-dul's vault

72. Have to make sure the subclass operator fits 
 a. Wave of Vitriol goes type<-super
 b. Cautery Sliver goes type<-sub

74. See Purge ch<artifact> ch<creature∨black> ch<creature> it should be 
creature&artifact or black&creature
 o See Elven Riders - the "with flying" only applies to the creatures and not the walls
 Both of these occur in  mtgl.re_2chain_conj

76. Add support for flip lands from Ixalan, and other new land types from last 3 sets

78. In regex patterns for tag-value, remove the "'" single quote as it is only present in attributes

80. Should we look for consecutive space delimited types i.e. artifact creature
 
81. Have to go back and look at regexes with '\s' and make sure newlines are not causing bad matches

